health companion web application which helps the user to cope up physically and mentally during this post covid era. so our project includes a trained chatbot that can help and assist the user to the right source of information. Users can interact with our application from there. So the programing language used in our project are both python and javascript work as backend and for the website, we are using HTML, for styling purposes we are using CSS. incase of data storage we are using both database and metadata for data storage. currently, our application is built in flask framework and for training, we are using NLTK and NLP for a more accurate answer from the chatbot, so that it will create a better user experience. while the user is signing up into our web application they need to enter a username and password while the password is entered it is stored in a database, and this data is encrypted, so it will increase user privacy. after completing signing in users can use their username and password to log into our web application. 

the dashboard includes the name of the user, user's account, my family user consists of a username, the user's account includes a feature for users to update and import their data, my family is used to connect the user's from their family. the dashboard also consists of a "take your daily test" to get a personalized experience by taking this test every day. it const of many questions which help the user to analyze their health status. another feature we implemented in our project is "hownormalami" it is an open-source project which helps the user to Experience how artificial intelligence judge's your face.